Upload (#1)
privacy-ethereum/nova-by-hand: readme.md

# Nova Folding Introduction

These articles were written by Yugo through the [PSE’s acceleration program](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/acceleration-program). I would like to thank CPerezz and Pierre for their advice as I was studying and writing my article.

# 1 Introduction
In the recent development of Zero-Knowledge Proof technology, efficiency has been crucial for practical applications, such as zkVM and zkML. A major advancement in recent years is the concept of recursion, enabling the verification of a prior SNARK proof while proving additional statements.

> However, an innovative alternative has emerged with Nova Folding scheme. Nova Folding scheme uniquely compresses numerous NP constraints(R1CS) and its instance-witness pairs into a single variant R1CS. It even doesn't need to verify a prior SNARK proof at each recursion step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, an innovative alternative has emerged with Nova's folding scheme, which uniquely combines two R1CS instances and their respective instance-witness pairs into a single one. It also doesn't need to verify a prior SNARK proof at each recursion step.
```
